I accidentally did.....OOOPPSIE
(Music ~)! High energy ahead!
Mr. ladies and gentlemen
(!note!)
Um, I think I played another bad stalk.
Can I say that this is an excuse for a rotten stalk?
Don't make this worse, Felix, don't.
Let's keep watching, it will get worse.
Fortunately, I finished shooting before Pewdiepie subreddit, so I know what will happen?
That shot is not so good, so I will shoot again now.
Just to avoid
I know that I said that I will stop taking original content.
But not now, I will always seize the opportunity.
Sayuri voice: I don't understand what he is saying. Please keep it, ok?
Continue*shoot*
What?
Wait, what?
*For the sessile revolution, I encourage you to PO photos of your pets*
By North! !
Do you think you can win me?
I don't even have my headphones now!
what do you want?
My audience thought they were better than me.
They thought "hey ~ if we don't PO stem in pewdiepie subreddit
Then he has to shoot his original content later.
But not the po stalk is actually a mystery!
Yes, everyone.
I am awakened to level 5000! classic!屌 屌 !!
Continue to look down from the first come
My God! "Swedish Christian Channel" (respect a little)
Is that a monster?
I used to be very trendy since I was..
17? 16?
I really wear the glasses of the girls just to be intimate with them.
Oopsie
Hmmmmm
God, I hope that there are more security guards, so it’s so good.
(laugh)
Missed the opportunity! The Great Revolution! Do it or do it again!
"There are no fans here, please go to the Star Wars."
Classic old Lego Star Wars "Get out! That robot game"
"The best out of Lego Star Wars in Nintendo DS"
Oh! This is really you better be careful and make a wish
"Block the mystery until the original content appears, I need, I am dying!"
Ok, I have to skip these promotional things.
I will steal it for you because of it!
I have two seconds to think that these are true
This happened
My ruth forced me
Ok, look at this happening! Now please PO a mystery
“Hi Felix, today is the last day of my teacher, he is great! He asked us to discuss which is the best, the cause or the GIFs in the last lesson”
JIFs
"Of course it's because he clapped his hands twice and looked at me and said MEME REVIEW! Then he said
But can you do this !
Finally, can you please tell his name Joshua Hill? Because he must be watching this
Can we po this? This definitely happens in subreddit
This will definitely happen
Hello Joshua
"shoot" (music commentary)
Thank you for teaching the world’s best 9-year-old
Very good for 9 years old
"It can only be seen if it is not Pewdiepie"
by
stop! This is bullying! This is the Internet Bullying!
I will not be abused by these people on the Internet (please sit down pewds, you have a chair of 399 yuan)
This is the worst thing you can do.
And I don't understand, you know people feel bad, you can't..
When the film is less than 10 minutes
Look at ASS everyone
This is all out, I think you will like it very much (pewds smashed, this is not yet on the steam)
Tian Ah, is this Loss?
I have seen this
Swan
Swan, this is so beautiful!
do you know? What is Loss forever?
This has 5,000 likes
There is no confusion here pewds
Stolen
Stolen! (Loss is dead)
Why hate me?
what did I do? I have not been fed up with your abuse?
Can you love me more?
Dad wants a 9-year-old love.... No, wait! (Pewds finally awakens to become a pedophile P)
Stop it? Stop cyberbullying
I've had enough
For the mother?
For Dad?
For Marzia to host LWIAY?
I think he is sucking her... forget we continue to watch it.
"There is no mere me and only some ducks and ducks"
There are hairy legs for those 9 years old.
Are those ducks and ducks 9 years old?
"Marzia can see "9 years old without any confusion."
"Po me only because of Po Marzia until she came to host LWIAY"
Come again, you just want to kick me off.
Don't worry about Marzia, can you let jacksfilms host LWIAY?"
Hey....he is doing it every day, ok? And he has had enough
"If we do Marzia's fancier, Pew can't do a comment because he doesn't want to kill his fiancee."
Don't test me, dude.. I..
"If this is successful, we will always have original content to see"
do you know? I will be super angry but I will be proud of your deep thinking.
This is what my channel has been doing to make the 9-year-old think a little more.
Take it to the next level
I am going to cry because I am shocked.
(laugh)
"I really think Pewds is underrated. Even though it is the most famous youtuber, he is the most sincere person on this platform.
Really not enough thanks, he has been making the film for 8 years and being humble and doing himself."
I think this is really a great message but I don't think you know what is going on now, ok?
I am a terrible memer, my po rotten stalk, but also po to you do not want
Ok, I am not qualified to accept this praise.
Tell this to other qualified people
"I just saw this, I have to PO...." I have seen this!
To be honest, I will continue to play the reason for changing people in order to understand these stalks.
And I still don't understand...
"Save me (இ_இ`.)"
"Let marzia host LWIAY"
Ok, 500K like Marzia will come to LWIAY next time, guarantee
However, you must continue the PO mement (spit) DEAL?
(Spit more PEWDS juice) DEAL? You just become more unreasonable
"Since the last stalk got rotten (laughs) this is the photo I took for hiking."
Wow, everyone, great scenery (shoot)
(patted)
According to praise, who needs to stalk? (Photo) This is great (shooting) This is very different!
Is there Loss in it?
"If Marzia subscribes to Pewds, that represents Pewds and 9-year-old engagement...? No!
(feat Jordan) stop! Ask for help
"No fun...." Damn...
Lose ~ steal ~ I want this film to 10 minutes
Defeat...oh, my eyes, God.
"This Felix dude should be a youtube channel. He is really funny."
This message was heavily PO in each of my Marzia videos.
Do you dare say that I have no original content? Oh, we are just as bad.
Facing reality, we are just as bad, we are going backwards
PO Pewds, what are we doing here? (laugh)
What else is better to do?
"Brad hosts LWIAY and then Pewds clips"? Oh... no... (laugh)
"We are going to PO pet photos now? This boy is 63 years old." I have already seen this and you are heavy PO?
Edgar, you finally have friends, how?
"If there is no stalk on subreddit, how does Marzia host LWIAY?"
If Marzia wants to start commenting next week, why don't we have some Marzia-related stalks?
"Lwiay Intro song"
(Photo) Very good, we will broadcast this next week, thank you 喔poserroser, Hen stick
"Marzia will host LWIAY next time." This is fake!
But it’s really okay
"Nothing can stop the 9-year-old army."
Skylol at LWIAY
"Change" game video
I guess, I have been completely controlled by the audience. This is not my channel. They don't even want me to be here. I don't know what I am doing.
Nothing can stop the 9-year-old army since everyone is not stalking
I want po a cute cat
Great, thank you.
#怀旧
I almost went to the bathroom and didn't scare heart disease. Felix
"It seems that you met Jerry"
Hey! Jerry, everyone! This happened
Hey! This is really cool
This is not a stalk but I accept
Thank you finger_year
Finger_year(?)
If you only have a photo of po Marz let her host LWAIY
ರ_ರ
I already have a bad day, please.
Let Marz host LWIAY
Let DR.Phil host LWIAY! !
Yes, of course
This is just my next plan.
Dr.Phil if you are watching
It's my honor
I want Pewds to explain
Look, this is the first episode of scare pewdiepie's second season.
Also why this is never set aside
"I found 600-500BC in the museum today, Etruscan civilized ceramic wild boar vase
I am super excited
Until I remembered that Felix had commented on this mystery
Now I am stuck next to a rotten stalk.
where?
where is it?
Why don't you steal and give it to me?
You don't look like 9
This must be his mother.
(laugh)
I need to! !
Ok? The hidden cause is not...
^#$%
From 07/27
We only upload the stalks of Italy.
So Pewds must find Marzia to translate
(ㄎ)
Why do you want to do this? Why hate me so much?
Ok
Apparently
It’s me who won
I am obviously only equal to the "Shit-like" Facebook page.
and so
do you know
Okay
9 years old, you won
But don't run to cry for me.
(beat)
"The technique of ninja to become a bowel movement"
(Poof)
(towing money time)
(A full drag for 1 minute)
(Super shame)
(can be over a bit)
Thanks for watching